\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename ponyguests.info
@settitle ponyguests
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header

@set SYSCONFDIR /etc
@set PKGNAME ponyguests


@dircategory Account management
@direntry
* ponyguests: (ponyguests).     Login wrapper to enable guest accounts.
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top ponyguests -- Login wrapper to enable guest accounts
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title ponyguests
@subtitle Login wrapper to enable guest accounts
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{ponyguests}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{ponyguests} is a package that lets ponies log
in with dynamic guest accounts. @command{ponyguests}
comes with an module for @command{gates-of-tartaros}.

The @command{gates-of-tartaros} module is stored as
@file{@value{SYSCONFDIR}/@value{PKGNAME}/gates-of-tartaros}.

@command{ponyguests} provides two scripts you may
choose to customise.

@table @file
@item @value{SYSCONFDIR}/@value{PKGNAME}/ponyguests-make-guest
This script is executed when a new guest account
is to be created.

@item @value{SYSCONFDIR}/@value{PKGNAME}/ponyguests-delete-guest
This script is executed when a guest account
is to be deleted.
@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

